Describe the confirmDelete option and refactor the guides (#49)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/GridBase/1 Configuration/editing/confirmDelete.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies if the confirmation is required when you delete a row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies if the confirmation is required when a user deletes a row.
```

Reviewer: We also need to edit these articles:
[confirmDeleteMessage](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/texts/#confirmDeleteMessage)
Editing | Delete in [DataGrid](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Editing/#API/Delete) and [TreeList](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/TreeList/Editing/#API/Delete)
Maybe there are more articles. I would suggest going through all mentions of confirmDeleteMessage in the docs.

> Specifies if the confirmation is required when a user deletes a row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies if confirmation is required when a user deletes a row.
```
